hyperquiz/dao/impl/QuizJpaRepositoryImpl.java
 hyperquiz.dao.impl.QuizJpaRepositoryImpl
hyperquiz/util/AnswerUtil.java
 hyperquiz.util.AnswerUtil
hyperquiz/model/User.java
 hyperquiz.model.User
hyperquiz/exceptions/EntityCreationException.java
 hyperquiz.exceptions.EntityCreationException
hyperquiz/model/Gender.java
 hyperquiz.model.Gender
hyperquiz/exceptions/EntityUsernameChangeException.java
 hyperquiz.exceptions.EntityUsernameChangeException
hyperquiz/util/MenuUtil.java
 hyperquiz.util.MenuUtil
hyperquiz/util/ValidationUtil.java
 hyperquiz.util.ValidationUtil
hyperquiz/model/Question.java
 hyperquiz.model.Question
hyperquiz/util/Alignment.java
 hyperquiz.util.Alignment
hyperquiz/exceptions/EmptyEntityCollection.java
 hyperquiz.exceptions.EmptyEntityCollection
hyperquiz/model/Role.java
 hyperquiz.model.Role
hyperquiz/dao/impl/QuizResultRepositoryImpl.java
 hyperquiz.dao.impl.QuizResultRepositoryImpl
hyperquiz/model/QuizResult.java
 hyperquiz.model.QuizResult
hyperquiz/util/QuestionUtil.java
 hyperquiz.util.QuestionUtil
hyperquiz/dao/QuizRepository.java
 hyperquiz.dao.QuizRepository
hyperquiz/model/AbstractEntity.java
 hyperquiz.model.AbstractEntity
hyperquiz/dao/impl/RepositoryMemoryImpl.java
 hyperquiz.dao.impl.RepositoryMemoryImpl
hyperquiz/init/DataInitializer.java
 hyperquiz.init.DataInitializer
hyperquiz/web/UserController.java
 hyperquiz.web.UserController
hyperquiz/dao/Repository.java
 hyperquiz.dao.Repository
hyperquiz/util/StreamUtil.java
 hyperquiz.util.StreamUtil
hyperquiz/dao/KeyGenerator.java
 hyperquiz.dao.KeyGenerator
hyperquiz/services/impl/UserServiceImpl.java
 hyperquiz.services.impl.UserServiceImpl
hyperquiz/services/QuizService.java
 hyperquiz.services.QuizService
hyperquiz/exceptions/EntityUpdateException.java
 hyperquiz.exceptions.EntityUpdateException
hyperquiz/model/Rank.java
 hyperquiz.model.Rank
hyperquiz/model/Quiz.java
 hyperquiz.model.Quiz
hyperquiz/util/UserUtil.java
 hyperquiz.util.UserUtil
hyperquiz/model/Identifiable.java
 hyperquiz.model.Identifiable
hyperquiz/dto/ErrorResponse.java
 hyperquiz.dto.ErrorResponse
hyperquiz/dao/UserRepository.java
 hyperquiz.dao.UserRepository
hyperquiz/web/QuizController.java
 hyperquiz.web.QuizController
hyperquiz/dao/impl/QuizResultJpaRepository.java
 hyperquiz.dao.impl.QuizResultJpaRepository
hyperquiz/services/UserService.java
 hyperquiz.services.UserService
hyperquiz/web/ErrorHandlingControllerAdvice.java
 hyperquiz.web.ErrorHandlingControllerAdvice
hyperquiz/exceptions/EntityAlreadyExistsException.java
 hyperquiz.exceptions.EntityAlreadyExistsException
hyperquiz/model/Administrators.java
 hyperquiz.model.Administrators
hyperquiz/SpringBoot.java
 hyperquiz.SpringBoot
hyperquiz/view/View.java
 hyperquiz.view.View
 hyperquiz.view.View$QuizView
 hyperquiz.view.View$QuizView$External
 hyperquiz.view.View$QuizView$Internal
 hyperquiz.view.View$UserView
 hyperquiz.view.View$UserView$External
 hyperquiz.view.View$UserView$Internal
hyperquiz/util/PrintUtil.java
 hyperquiz.util.PrintUtil
 hyperquiz.util.PrintUtil$1
 hyperquiz.util.PrintUtil$ColumnDescriptor
hyperquiz/services/impl/QuizServiceImpl.java
 hyperquiz.services.impl.QuizServiceImpl
hyperquiz/model/Player.java
 hyperquiz.model.Player
hyperquiz/model/Answer.java
 hyperquiz.model.Answer
hyperquiz/Main.java
 hyperquiz.Main
hyperquiz/exceptions/LoginFailException.java
 hyperquiz.exceptions.LoginFailException
hyperquiz/exceptions/InvalidGenderException.java
 hyperquiz.exceptions.InvalidGenderException
hyperquiz/dao/impl/LongKeyGenerator.java
 hyperquiz.dao.impl.LongKeyGenerator
hyperquiz/exceptions/EntityDataInvalidException.java
 hyperquiz.exceptions.EntityDataInvalidException
hyperquiz/util/QuizUtil.java
 hyperquiz.util.QuizUtil
hyperquiz/dao/QuizResultRepository.java
 hyperquiz.dao.QuizResultRepository
hyperquiz/dao/impl/UserJpaRepositoryImpl.java
 hyperquiz.dao.impl.UserJpaRepositoryImpl
